Please don’t think of this as writing, any more than you think of early Beatles lyrics as writing. The colorless prose,
and the many run-on sentences strung together with “and,” would make you think of it as bad writing. But it
makes for very good storytelling. There are notes on telling at the end.
CHICKEN LITTLE

Once upon a time there was a little chicken, and everybody called him-- Chicken Little.

And one day while he was out walking, up in the sky a bird flew over and it dropped an acorn, and the acorn fell

down and-- bip-- bopped him on his head.

Chicken Little said “AWK! ” and looked up, and didn’t see anything, and he looked down and didn’t see anything.

So he said

“Help, help the sky is falling! Help, help the sky is falling! I have to tell the King!” And he went running down

the road, looking for the King.

As he was running he met Henny Penny. And Henny Penny said, “Buk Buk Buk BUK! Hello Chicken LIttle.

What’s wrong with you?”

And Chicken Little said, “Oh Henny Penny! Haven’t you heard-- the sky is falling! I’m looking for the King.”

And Henny Penny said, “Oh my, how exciting. Buk buk buk BUK! Can I go too?” And they went down the road

together, shouting

“Help, help the sky is falling! Help, help the sky is falling! We have to tell the King!”

After awhile they met Goosey Loosey. “Honk! Honk! Hello Chicken Little, Hello Henny Penny. What’s wrong

with you?”

“Oh, Goosey Loosey, haven’t you heard? The sky is falling! We have to tell the King!”

“Honk Honk! That’s terrible! Honk honk. Can I go too?” And they all went down the road together shouting

“Help, help the sky is falling! Help, help the sky is falling! We have to tell the King!”

And along the road, they met Turkey Lurkey.

And Turkey Lurkey said

“Gobble gobble gobble! Hello Chicken Little, Hello Henny Penny, Hello Goosey Loosey. What in the world is

wrong with you?”

“Oh, Turkey Lurkey. Haven’t you heard? The sky is falling! The sky is falling! We’re looking for the King!”

“Gobble gobble gobble! Oh that’s terrible! Can I go too?”

And they all went down the road saying

“Help, help the sky is falling! Help, help the sky is falling! We have to tell the King!”

And they went down the road, and they met Foxey Loxey. And Foxey Loxey said, “Hello, Chicken

Little, Hello Henny Penny, Hello Goosey Loosey. What in the world is wrong with you?”

And they told him, “Oh, Foxey Loxey, haven’t you heard? The sky is falling! We have to tell the King!”

“Nothing easier,” said Foxey Loxey. “He’s back there in my den. But the King doesn’t like to feel crowded,

so I’d better bring you in one by one. Now, who wants to go first?”

Everybody wanted to be first to see the King, but the Turkey was the biggest. “Gobble gobble gobble.

Me first! I want to see the King!” and he pushed everybody else away. “Come with me,” says Foxey

Loxey, and they went into the hole together.

Then there was a lot of squawking down there, and some feathers came flying out, and the fox called

up, “NEXT”

“Honk Honk. Me! I want to go! Me” said Goosey Loosey, and she pushed her way in. More squawking,

more feathers, and the fox said “NEXT!”

“Buk buk buk BUK!” said Henny Penny, and she jumped in the hole. Squawks, feathers, and

then............ no sound at all.

Right then, Chicken Little remembered it was his turn to take the garbage out, and he went home.

So poor Chicken Little never got to see the King.

level5:is-the-sky-falling?